TRACK 01.08
Narrator: 1
Speaker 1: Are you OK, James?
Speaker 2: I’m OK,
but I’m really tired.
I’ve been speaking Spanish all day!
Narrator: 2
Speaker 3: Hi, Linda.
Are you learning Russian?
Speaker 4: I’m trying to,
but this book’s absolutely useless!
It teaches you how to say
‘my uncle’s black trousers’
but not how to say ‘hello’!
Narrator: 3
Speaker 5: Hey, guess what?
I’ve just read about this girl,
and she’s only 10,
but she’s fluent in several
different languages.
Speaker 6: That’s absolutely amazing.
I can only speak one language –
English.
Narrator: 4
Speaker 7: Listen, Olivier:
squirrel!!
Speaker 8: Squi…
Squill...
It’s very hard!
I’ll never get it right!
Speaker 7: Yeah, I know it’s difficult.
You need to practise.
Try again.
Listen:
squirrel.
Speaker 8: Squi...
rrel…
Speaker 7: Well done!